Sister, thank you for saving me.
What's your name and I'll repay you
About the same age as my sister.
Call me Sister Xiaoru
Then I'm leaving.
Bye bye
It is impossible for Sister Ronaldinho to still look 20 years old
He is not Ronaldinho's sister
You are not in the big case of Yan's Group employees
Why are you
Dancing in the clothes of our group's cleaners
I can't tell them I'm Chen Jianrong, the cleaner.
Otherwise, Yan Chengxi and Yuan Kai won't let me go
i
I am
Men say they can tell me anything
I can help you.
You are Yan Chengxi's brother
He killed my sister
How could you possibly help me?
I don't remember anything.
He seems to have lost his memory
Amnesia